Implement JEI and NEI under mouse api (#261)
refinedmods/refinedstorage2: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed IO loops caused by Interfaces stealing from each other.
- Fixed storages from an External Storage not reporting when a resource has last changed.

### Added

> - Jei under mouse support in Grids, Exporter, Importer and ExternalStorage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for using the R/U keys in JEI on Grid slots and filtering slots
```
